Written Questions for Unit 1
03.25.2019

Answer all the questions
1. What is a Tuple, and how it is different from a List?
2. What is a variable in Python?
3. How will you convert a string to a list in python?
4. What is the purpose of ** operator?
5. Give the object, name = "john54" How will you capitalize the first letter of the string?
6. Given the object, name = "john54" How will you check in a string that all characters are alphanumeric?

Responses:

1. What is a Tuple, and how it is different from a List?

Answer: A tuple is an object that contains any number of unique items of data, which can mix and match data types.
Unlike a list, a Tuple is immutable, meaning the items within it cannot be edited.
A list can have items removed from the middle of it, its values can be manipulated or replaced.
A tuple is initiated by parentheses () instead of brackets.


2. What is a variable in Python?

Answer:  A variable is  place to store temporary data in Python.
To create variable, one gives it a name and gives it data, which could be empty.
A variable name now refers to an object, its data. The location in memory of that value of that data can be called.
Variables, in python, are immutable, the value of their content cannot be changed.
If a new value is assigned to the variable, a new location in memory is assigned for that value of the variable.


3. How will you convert a string to a list in python?

Answer: Strings are immutable, they cannot be changed.
One can apply methods or functions to them to get temporary results but the string cannot be changed.
One could create a list that contains the values fo data in a string, but the string would exist unchanged.
One could identify the data items in a string, by index location, and amend them to the end of the list.

4. What is the purpose of ** operator?

Answer: The ** operator in python is an exponent, or a power.  It functions the same as the ^ operator in other languages.

5. Give the object, name = "john54" How will you capitalize the first letter of the string?

Answer: One cannot permanently change the contents of the string, as they are immutable.
One can temporarily generate the capitalized value of the string using the method .capitalize()
it would look like this: name.capitalize()
and would return: 'John54'

6. Given the object, name = "john54" How will you check in a string that all characters are alphanumeric?

Answer: Python has a build in method for validating if the contents of a string are all alphanumeric: .isalnum()
One can check if the contents of the string, name, is alphanumeric by giving: name.isalnum()
and would return: True, because it is.
